Distributed tracing 3.0 prometheus podmonitor (#64781)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/distr-tracing-otel-config-send-metrics-monitoring-stack.adoc

[id="distr-tracing-send-metrics-monitoring-stack_{context}"]
= Sending metrics to the monitoring stack

> The OpenTelemetry Collector custom resource can be configured to create Prometheus `ServiceMonitor` to scrape collector's pipeline metrics and enabled Prometheus exporters.

Reviewer: Question: the `ServiceMonitor` is what? a CR or a what exactly? Let's define it here (to avoid getting asked to do this by the merge reviewer).
```suggestion
You can configure the OpenTelemetry Collector custom resource to create a Prometheus `ServiceMonitor` to scrape the collector's pipeline metrics and enabled Prometheus exporters.
```
